---
title: Auraxis Control Center 3.1.1 is out
date: 2015-08-22 00:00:00 Z
layout: post
---

Despite of my inactivity with bringing features and fixes, Auraxis Control Center has kept growing and it is reaching now 1500 active users. Most of the new user are PS4 users that want a away to access their stats, friends and outfit mates from their phones.

I am very pleasantly surprised with the interest of the users to get new features and fixes. I have received several emails of users saying how they like the app and what features they would like to see in the future. Most of this features are not feasible(specially with regards of PS2<->PSN integration) but there is still room for improvement in the app.


Changes
-----------
This release contains mostly bug fixes and small UI changes that should not affect be very noticeable for most people. One important change was the new ACRA endpoint and it backend. For the last few months ACC has been using ACRA to report crashes but the endpoint use to upload the reports was broken. Thankfully on the client side the only change was a new URL but this change will allow me to fix crashes as soon as they are reported.


New ACRA Backend
-----------------------
To receive and manage crash reports I decided to build my own sollution. By using Google App Engine and Java I developed [Bug Maniac](https://github.com/cesarramirez/BugManiac). Currently I have an API to upload, browse and delete reports. I also have a simple HTML page that I am working to to access the reports much easier.

I deployed the project over this last weekend and I already fixed a few crashes that some people were experiencing. I am planning on working on this project on the side until it is fully working and nice to use.
