---
layout: post
title: Dev Blog 160913
---

This iteration has been a bit slow because I had to do some refactoring and fix some fallout from enabling LOD Groups. After doing 
that I proceeded to change all assets in Unity from binaries to yaml files, which will make it much easier when merging changes. 

Since I am in Alpha-1 stage I am espending more time thinking about the actual gameplay and how the UI should look. Now that Github 
also added the Projects tab, I have been creating card and linking issues in the board. 

### Changes

#### Project improvements
The big change here was changing from binary asset files to yaml ones. This change involved a nasty rebase between some changes  had 
across multiple machines and as a result I had to link some assets. The other big change was that I added the UnitySampleUI package 
to the repo. This is big not because there were big changes but rather becuase initially I was not going to include packages into the
repo. At the end, this Package is free and availabel for devs to use it so I guess there is no damage in including it. Eventually when
I start working on final assets it will be removed anyways.

#### Improving look and feel
Now that I am going to be showing the game to people I thought it was time to start working on polishing some edges. I have been going 
over the issues I have and cleaning some low hanging fruit, things like moving UI around and adding particle effects. This changes do not
require lots of code changes but give the game a much better look.

### Next Items

I will be demoing the game to people during the Seattle VR meetup on Thursday 22nd, so for that I want to clean up some issues, mostly
the damn crash the only happens when leaving a game in VR. 

Other change I would like to look into as well is the hability to make builds via the command line. I want to have a command to make builds for the platform I want. This would speed up my development so I will not have to be changing build platform by using the UI.
